In this norming study, we'll
have two types of stimuli. The
first type you'll see in a
moment, um, a complex scenes.
OK, imagine that you're
describing this scene to someone
who cannot see the picture. Tell
me what is happening and what
you see in as many details as
possible, usually.
Or please try to take between
three and five minutes to this
screen, OK?
Yeah, that is a complex scene
that is very complex.
Alright, so do you want me to
begin now? Yes, OK.
#START_unfriendly_giants So
overall we have a very busy
scene. It's labeled the
unfriendly giants and so in the
upper left hand corner there is
kind of what I would describe as
like a scroll type of figure
with a little green like wax
seal with blue and red ribbons
that stick out of it. {And this
scroll has a statement that says
then Waldo and the wizard I
can't read.
White beard came to the land of
the unfriendly giants where many
waldos had been before, and
Waldo saw that the Giants were
were horridly harassing the
little people. When he found the
10th scroll, it was time to
continue with his journey.} So
that is in the top left corner
of this page. And then the scene
looks like it has a bunch of
different giants in it and they
are all wearing different
outfits and they're in sort of.
I would describe as like a.
Prairie sort of setting with
some trees. So at the top of the
page there is in the top left
there's a windmill behind that
scroll that I was talking about,
and to the left there's a giant
with a blue shirt. As you
continue right across the page
there are two giants who are
playing with something that I
can't quite see what it is, but
one of them is wearing a blue
and yellow shirt with a red tie
around his neck.
And some blue and yellow striped
pants, and the other is wearing
a green shirt with a blue and
red striped undershirt to
continue to the right. There's
an even larger giant who is
hairy and he's wearing kind of a
red bro tank. And as long as you
continue to the right, there's a
castle made out of like
cobblestones, like what you
would see in like Lord of the
Rings or something like that. On
top of the castle there are two.
What I would call kind of
peasant homes. And so one of the
homes is.
um on the left, and it's well
structured, it has a yellow
straw roof. And then the other
home on the right is the same,
but someone is taking that roof
off. And then as you continue
right on the page, there is
another large windmill. And it
looks like there's a large giant
who is turning the windmill with
his arm. And so he's wearing
kind of a burly brown outfit
with the same yellow and red
striped pants and then if you go
down a little bit.
On the page on that far right
side, there's a man and a woman
giants and looks like. I'm not
sure what kind of device they're
with. Maybe a catapult?
And there's like a small village
to their left. You keep kind of
going around the page. There's a
little hill that a couple giants
are going up. One is a man
wearing a large red shirt with
big brown boots.
Umm.
And you keep going to the left
of the page, there's another
giant. There's kind of like a
Cliff. And this giant is
standing in some water and he's
got a red shirt and yellow
pants. And then as you move
underneath that, {sorry, my cat
is playing with the plastic bag
over here.} As you move
underneath that scroll that we
talked about earlier, there is
another one of those catapult
things on the left. And then
there's like a wooden cutout of
a female giant who is wearing a
red shirt.
And a blue skirt. So she's got
blonde hair and there is a male
giant in blue who is approaching
her. There's another small
village behind the set of those
two giants with the same straw
kind of roof. And then as you
continue right, the Giants are
getting bigger the closer to the
bottom of the page you get.
There's a couple of giants in
the middle. Looks like one of
them is setting a trap to catch
some humans. So he's got like a
lasso and there's a bunch of
humans in it. It looks like he's
going to try to tighten it to
catch them.
There's a giant who's taking his
hat off to some humans, looks
like he's being respectable to
them. And then on the far right
there's another fake wooden cut
out of a female giant, and one
of the male giants is giving her
flowers. And then as you
continue to the bottom of the
page, this is kind of the last
row of giants. They're in a
field of sorts and there's a lot
of humans around, so they're
very small compared to the
giants and it looks like.
On the bottom right page, the
Giants are slurping up some
water from a pond and then
spraying it out of giant straws
at the humans, and they're kind
of having fun with that. There's
four of them there. As you
continue left, there's another
catapult that looks like the
humans are trying to launch at
the Giants.
Um.
And then in the kind of middle
left, there's a a chess board
that's got humans on it in
yellow and blue. And there's a
set of 123456 giants playing
chess with these humans. They
all have different outfits on,
varying from orange, green,
yellow, kind of a furry brown.
And then the far left of the
paper, there's a whole bunch of
little humans. They almost look
like ants, they're so small. And
there's another Hut.
But this Hut has a chimney and
it's got the same straw yellow
roof and that is this page.
#END_unfriendly_giants All
right, perfect.
Moving on to the next item.
Whenever you're ready, OK?
#START_being_a_pirate So this
page is labeled being a pirate.
It's got a little small booklet
in the upper left hand corner.
{So it says 150 years ago on
there and then it says shiver me
Timbers and then it's got some
sort of text underneath that
that is too small for me to
read.} But there's a little
picture of some pirates in the
upper right hand corner of that
small picture book on the top
left of this page. And the
overall image of this page is
kind of ocean and beach. And so
the main image that you get is a
large ship, a bunch of smaller
ships and then on the far right.
Page there's a little beach, so
we'll start with the beach which
is on the far right side and the
top right hand corner. There's
some like small cliffs with
trees on them and as you wait
make your way down the beach.
There are some people in blue
outfits.
Taking what I would call like a
rowboat out to the sea and as
you continue down there's a
couple palm trees. I found
Waldo.
He's on the far right side of
the page, it looks like, and
then as you continue down, it's
just kind of more of the same.
It gets a little busier. At the
bottom of the page. There's some
people digging, there's a
treasure chest.
And a little bit of chaos at the
very bottom. And so on the very
bottom of the page there's
actually water instead of sand.
And so there you have people
getting off of their rowboat.
But farther to the left, you
move. You can see more rowboats.
Most of them are filled with
blue people, but some of them
are filled with what looked like
the pirates.
And so it looks like there's
some sort of battle happening at
the top of the scene. You can
see some little puffs of smoke.
There's a larger ship there that
have three pirate flags, a
couple of crow's nests at the
top of the ship.
And then in the kind of right
center of the page, there's a I
can't tell if it's an octopus or
a squid, but it's kind of a teal
color, and it's holding two of
the pirates. And there's a small
rowboat of pirates who look like
they're kind of just watching
their friends die, I guess.
And as you continue down the
page, there's again more
rowboats, a lot of rowboats.
There's one rowboat at the kind
of middle bottom of the right
page that has snapped in half,
and it's stinking. And there's a
man in the middle with his arms
in the air asking for help. And
as you get to the middle of the
page, there's more robots. And
then on the left side of the
page, there's a very large
pirate ship. And so this is.
Well crowded with pirates and
what looked like kind of the men
in blue, who I'm guessing are.
Seamen.
Kind of battling it out. There's
puffs of smoke coming from the
cannons. There's a lot of action
going on. It looks like people
and are fighting with each
other. And I do see now that at
the very top of this ship
there's a blue and white flag.
So that makes me believe that
the pirates likely are taking
over the ship.
There's a Gold Mermaid figure
out the front of the ship and
then on the far left side of the
ship it looks like there's
another pirate ship that is
coming that has a lot of red
detailing on it. Either assist
in this ship or I'm not sure
what they're doing, but that's
kind of what I see on this page.
It's not a good idea. The last
one. #END_being_a_pirate
Thank you.
OK.
Moving on, you will see a
different type of stimuli. They
are wordless picture books. You
see a series of pictures that
tell a story. Again, imagine
that you're telling a story that
someone who cannot see them.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story. At most they're
around 30 pages, so take around
10 to 15 minutes to tell the
story.
And you can take your time to
look at it if that is helpful.
So what started it?
Alright, so this story begins.
Let's see here.
#START_arrival_6 So this story
is, I'm just going to preface
that this story is kind of set
in sepia tone. So it kind of
takes you back to, I don't know,
maybe like the 50s or 40s is
what it looks like to me. And it
looks like it is a story about a
man who is writing a letter and
he writes this letter with an
ink and pen.
And after he writes his letter
that is filled with some secret
messages that he doesn't want
anybody to know, he folds it up
into the shape of an origami
bird. And he places this bird
into a sealed envelope along
with some money. And he licks
that envelope clothes, places a
stamp on it.
And he walks it down the stairs
with the help of a small
creature. This creature of his
has a mouse like face, but its
tail is more similar to that of
an axolotl and.
He works his way down the
stairs. He comes across a woman
who's carrying a basket, and as
you see this woman, he's talking
to her, and nothing seems odd.
But the more he talks to her, he
starts to get kind of a peculiar
feeling about this woman, and as
she turns to walk away, he
notices that she has a tail. He
doesn't think too much about
this and he continues on his way
with his letter because it's
very important that he gets this
sent.
So he takes this letter over to
this machine. He places it
inside the machine, and as he
placed it inside, he looks up to
the heavens and he sees as he
pushes the button, that the
balloon at the top of the
machine inflates, and away his
letter goes.
So um.
We start to learn a little bit
more about the world that he's
living in.
This world is something that
kind of.
Everything is not what you take
it at face value and so a leaf
can look like a leaf, but as it
begins to die you can see that
it kind of turns more into what
I would describe as an insect
like figure. And it's still a
leaf but it just has the image
of an insect. As the dandelion
dies it kind of grows into more
of what I don't know like a
poppy. And so each of these
objects in this world kind of
have a second.
Life behind them is what I would
say.
Is this all the same story?
Just trying to figure out where
I'm going with my story.
All right. So again, as we're
learning more about this world,
this we kind of get a little
background on some underlying
workings and you start to
realize that this world is
almost similar to.
Like a like a Soviet Russia.
It's people are all kind of
stacked on top of one another in
like housing buildings and it's
it's stark, it's cold, it's a
lot of.
Like factory jobs, just everyone
getting by doing their work.
But there isn't much money to go
around because they're all
sharing. And although these
societies seem good on the
outside, oftentimes they aren't
working as well at the surface
level that's getting political.
Yeah.
So anyways, Umm, he's in this
world where, you know, things
aren't as they seem at the
surface. There isn't much for
the working class of people.
They're kind of stuck in this,
you know, they're going
day-to-day at their factory
jobs. They aren't given a huge
percentage of their income.
They're stuck in these large
buildings where, you know,
families are stacked one on top
of each other. And we're
starting to think that
potentially his letter could
have something to do with this.
So we find this man again. He's
sitting inside his small
apartment building which he has
made homie with a few things he
has managed to find and buy with
his limited wages. And he does
have a couple of kind of pets
and creatures that he keeps
including that mouse like
creature with the axolotl tail.
But we see him with a pot and in
that pot it looks like there are
some kind of hatching.
Bird like creatures and he says
they get fed and he's kind of
sitting there longingly looking
at a photo and we don't know who
this photo is of yet, but we
will find out, I imagine.
Little foreshadowing.
So he's sitting there looking at
this beautiful photo of someone
that is important to him in his
room, where the walls are
plastered with items and things.
And he's got his laundry hung up
and his little creature, the
mouse like one is kind of
sitting on the bed beside him.
And then all of a sudden it
scurries down the ladder. And so
the man is like, that's kind of
weird. Not, you know, we're just
kind of chilling. So he goes
down the ladder and he finds
that the mouse.
Found a letter and here he
thinks ooh, someone replied to
my letter. This is excellent.
So he opens it and we can see
that this letter has three
stamps on it where the letter he
sent had one and so we believe
it to be a different letter. He
opens it up and he finds that
there is another letter inside
and it is folded the same way
into the origami bird as his
was.
At first he thinks that he's
been tricked, you know? Is this
the same letter I sent and they
just sent it back to me and I I
won't get my answers. But as he
opens it and reads it, he starts
to smile because he realizes
it's reply and so he looks up
out of his window to the sky.
And he's thinking about, you
know, all the different things
that he and this person he wrote
to have lived and talked about.
And so he he's thinking about
the different origami animals
that they've made together. He's
thinking about, you know, the
little stove that was in their
apartment, how his hat hung next
to their.
Shawl. the the stews they made
together, the the drawings that
their child drew for them. And
so he's thinking about his
family and.
He starts to have this memory
about.
Giving a coin to his daughter.
But he continues, you know,
he's, he's talking to his
family. He's or getting deeper
and deeper into this memory
about giving his daughter this
coin. And we kind of started to
have a flashback where he's
sitting at the dining room
table, you can see his wife and
his younger child. She looks to
be about four years old, and
their house is kind of
fantastical, even though it's
still a smaller home. {Sorry, my
dog.
Really wants to play with the
cat who is on the table.
Ali.
So.}
So they're having this, he's
kind of having this flashback,
and he's thinking, you know?
I gave my daughter this coin. We
have our our pets. He's
reliving, you know, the good
times that he had you know put.
And then he he starts to think
what happened after this this
excellent memory I had of
sitting around the table with my
family. And it starts to turn
dark and he begins to have a
little bit of a darker flashback
of, you know, getting his
daughter dressed to go outside.
She puts on her hat. She looks
as though she's crying and then
suddenly she's running down the
stairs and it looks like it's
night time and.
And all of a sudden there's a
bright light that she's holding.
#END_arrival_6
OK. So that was part of that
story and we'll move on to the
next item. It's also, I don't
know where that story is.
That's good, you know, keep you
interested. The next item is
also a part of the story.
A story, I guess.
Or just things. OK, this is such
cute illustrations.
#START_journey All right, so
this is a story about a young
boy.
I think we'll see. But he has an
item for a girl that he wants to
give. And so they live in this
kind of quaint town. It almost
looks like a city. They look
like they're on the outskirts of
a city and maybe approaching,
you know, where the city limits
end? Apartments, but very nice
and cute. And there's this young
girl sitting on the stair steps
and there's a red.
Scooter and she looks very sad
as she sits there. And so the
young boy is kind of thinking,
you know, how can I cheer this
young girl up in my
neighborhood?
So as we kind of set the scene
for this, we we noticed some
other characters in the the
story. There's a man who lives
in the upstairs apartment who
works on a computer.
He lives in, well, one would
call, you know, very library or
aesthetic, you know, like the
Dark Academia type feel.
In the next room over, there's a
girl on a couch who plays um
what looks like some sort of
electronic device. In the
downstairs compartment that
there's an old Tiffany lamp with
family photos on the wall and
cute wallpaper. And then the
right of that there's a a woman
in the kitchen who looks like
she's on the phone, but she's
also got her hand in the pot. So
she appears very busy and we
start to put together that maybe
this young girl feels left out
of her family.
But the little boy still has an
idea of how he can help her to
feel better.
What's interesting about this
story is that the illustrator
really emphasizes things on each
page, and so you can see in each
page that there's something
that's kind of bold and in all
red ink.
So on the first page, it was the
scooter, and then something in
this little boy's hand. And now
we have this little girl who's
in the kitchen with her mother.
And that red scooter is there,
and her mother is still on the
phone and she's on her tippy
toes trying to look at the
counter. We're not sure if she's
trying to help or she just wants
you know to get attention. And
then she's, well, we presume, up
in the library with her dad and
he's, you know, staring like a
zombie into his computer and
she's peering over the back of
her chair with a red kite
dangling.
behind her, and then we see her
with what we can presume is her
older sister, who's laying on
the couch staring into her
electronic device.
And the little girl has a red
ball, but it seems that nobody
is paying attention to her. And
we start to get the idea that
this little girl feels very
lonely. So she she goes into her
room. Her room is a nice quiet
space. She's got a map of the
world on the wall. She's got a
dresser, a window, and there's a
small cat sleeping on the far
right corner and a couple
scattered pictures. But you can
tell that this little girl is
like up upset. She's got her
arms.
Crossed and folded as she lays
in bed with her door open.
The cat then leaves the room and
the little girl kind of looks
over to where it was laying and
we see on the ground again this
red object, which we believe to
have some sort of importance.
And so the red object this time
is a writing utensil.
So little girl kind of runs over
there and she picks it up and
she starts to draw.
But she's not drawing on the
paper. She begins to kind of
draw in the air. And this, we
find out, is no ordinary pencil.
And so she draws a doorway. And
through this doorway she's able
to run, and it kind of glows a
red and green as she goes
through it.
Now we kind of see her from the
other side of that doorway.
She's she's poking out of it.
The door is red. It's kind of
like the entryway to what? A
cottage?
That kind of door, you know,
it's arched and she's holding on
to the doorknob as she steps
through, and it's coming out of
the base of a large tree. And we
find her in kind of this
fantastical.
Forest with these beautiful they
look like paper lanterns made of
blue, intricate designs hanging
from the trees. And then there's
ropes of, you know, yellow
sparkling fairy lights dangling
around, and there's a small
river that's starting to curve
and so.
And this girl is taking it all
in. You just kind of get a
breath that this is going to be
kind of a cool place to be.
So the little girl begins to
explore her world that she kind
of realizes, you know, maybe
this this pen, I can do what I
want with it. If I could draw a
doorway into this world, maybe
there's other things I can do
with it, too. This is, this is
my world. I have control here,
where I had no control in the
world I was in before. And so
she starts to explore, and she,
she finds herself on a a dock.
Since she's standing on the
edge, peering over, looking into
a river, and you can see in her
hand she has that magic.
Writing utensil and you can see
the reflection of it in the
water, and she begins to draw
herself a boat, just kind of
your standard wooden rowboat.
But there aren't any oars. And
so she draws this boat, it comes
up red and she climbs in and she
starts to float down the river.
So as she floats.
We see her approach this.
Magnificent castle.
It's huge. It's.
It's a mix of design styles.
You've got, you know, a little
bit of Gothic elements, a little
bit of kind of Greek Orthodox
elements. It's.
They would call, you know, what
are those houses that they say
like middle-aged people designed
where it's like got a bunch of
design elements but they don't
do well together.
One of those, but it it looks it
looks good here. There's a Moat
around this castle and you can
see that the the top of the the
kind of orthodox shape things,
they're they're golden.
There's a there's a gate at the
entrance that she's approaching.
On the other side, there's a
large bridge and it's just huge.
And so as she is approaching
that, she started the wonder.
You know who who could live
here? Is this for me or did I
enter someone's world? What lies
behind this gate that I'm about
to go through?
How cool. So as as she went
through this, this castle kind
of has waterways that act like
roads and elevators. And so she.
She gets in through the gate and
she's going through, you know,
those those log rides that they
have at like at Six Flags or
amusement park where it's like a
a water slide and you're in the
thing and it's got water, but
it's it's like one of those,
it's a large wide water slide,
but you ride in a vessel to get
around on it. And so she's up in
these things. She's at the tip
top of all these buildings still
in her boat going through these
kind of water.
Streets. And she comes upon some
guards, and they're dressed in
an olive Gray, and they have
kind of reddish salmon sashes,
and they're all waving to her.
And on the other side, we see
another person in some sort of
gondola style who's using a long
stick to push themselves in the
water, and they're approaching
kind of a similar area to her,
just one level lower than what
she is.
So she continues to kind of go
down. You can see the people and
their gondolas, looks like the
people who are pushing the
gondolas works there. And then
there are patrons inside of
them. They look wealthy given
that they have large hats and
umbrellas. But this little girl
is still in her, her red boat
that she drew. And so she comes
to the end of the street way and
she realizes it's a large
waterfall at the end and her the
front of her.
So it starts to tip over and the
guards, you're just waving at
her like bye, good luck. So she
she ticks off the end and as
she's falling she begins to draw
a circle. So we see her mid air
drawing the circle as her boat
falls out from underneath her.
Well, that was smart, so.
So as she she was falling, she
actually managed to draw herself
a hot air balloon.
And so it caught her and she now
she's in this large red hot air
balloon. She's standing in the
basket and she's waving to the
guards. The guards look a little
perplexed that this girl didn't
kind of fall to her, her watery
death, but she floats away in
this red balloon and as she
starts to kind of get high above
the clouds, we notice this
almost steampunk machine.
In the sky it's Gray. In color
it's got, you know.
Almost in the shape of like a
semi automatic weapon.
Which is kind of scary.
But it's got like a long tail
that sticks out from the end and
then it's got a wider side that
looks like it has some windows
and then it's got like a water
wheel or some sort of what I
imagine, you know those
Mississippi River boats that
pushes water. It's got one of
those on its bottom and two
large steam towers at the top.
And so there's a couple smaller
aircraft around it and it looks
like she's floating towards
this.
Steampunk.
Aircraft, yeah.
So as she gets closer, she sees
people are being held up in
these smaller aircraft by kind
of oblong balloons that have a
propeller at the bottom and
they're kind of dangling
underneath. And there's a
person, it looks like some sort
of either guard or royalty from
the castle. And then there are a
couple other people who look
like maybe servants.
And the little girl's watching
it, they're kind of carrying out
their their duties. And it looks
like the servants are attempting
to capture a mystical bird of
sorts. It's purple with long
tail feathers as it kind of
soars through the air.
And we can still see that that
steampunk.
Aircraft in the background,
she's just kind of looking on,
kind of wondering what's going
on. So yeah, that's where we're
at right now.
So here we just get a better
look at this aircraft. It looks
like the the one boat that was
getting close to capturing that,
that Purple Bird managed to do
so. And it looks like it's
inside some sort of glass
container and they're lowering
it down onto the steampunk ship
and there are some guards who
are kind of taking it into the
vessel. And again, the little
girl is just kind of looking on
as all this is happening.
And you can see that the the
ship is still moving, the
propellers are still working.
But yeah, it looks like they
captured this bird.
Uh, so the girl gets closer and
she lands her.
Hot air balloon on the vessel
and she starts to kind of mosey
around and see what's going on.
So she runs down a walkway and
there's a door at the end of the
walkway and it looks like what's
on a submarine, you know, a
metal door that latches and it's
kind of sealed, so it's pretty
secure, but she's heading
towards that. There's a bridge
at the top where men are
walking.
She's trying to get inside and
so we get over to this.
It looks like what's in the
Forbidden City kind of that
style roofing. It's got a dragon
on the top, and it's gold, and
underneath it there's some
silver with two guards. And in
the center is that bird in a
cage. And when you see this
little girl with her, her
writing utensil still in hand,
walking up the ladder to get
near this bird.
Ohh she's.
she snatched it. So she.
We see that the little girl
actually decided to take the
bird.
And she she grabbed it in its
cage and went running. And the
guards see this and they're
like, sorry.
Yeah, the the guards, you know,
they shouted at her. {They're
playing nicely. My dog is just
very noisy when he plays.}
Uh.
The guards are kind of chasing
after her. She, she climbs down
and she's running through the
whole ship and she gets out to
this bottom area where it's very
narrow, and she runs to the tail
end of it. She opens the cage
and she releases this bird and
it kind of flies away. I think
she could kind of tell that this
bird was kind of like a pure
creature that didn't deserve to
be captured.
So the guards grabbed the little
girl. We see now what looks like
some sort of Emperor or Prince
or king kind of standing over
her, commanding her as the
guards are yanking on her.
And as they're doing this, she
drops her writing utensil and
so.
She's kind of stuck and the
guards put her in this cage and
dangle her underneath the
propeller of the ship, so she's
hanging underneath in what looks
like.
I don't even know. You know, the
movie Hocus Pocus where she puts
those boys into those cages and
spins around? She's in one of
those, but she's hanging like 20
feet underneath the ship and
she's peering over the edge and
she's stuck because she's way up
in the air.
The little girl's, you know, in
here. And then she starts to see
that the magical bird, well, we
don't know if it's magical. I
decided that just now.
Is flying towards her, and at
the gets closer she realizes
that this bird has her her
writing utensil in its beak. So
the girl cheers and she she's
very excited and the bird comes
by her and it sits on her
shoulder. It's hovering over her
as she starts to draw, and as
the bird watches, she continues
to draw. And they kind of built
a friendship because this bird.
Was rescued by this girl and now
it's getting to return the favor
to her.
The little girl drew a rectangle
and as we find out, this
rectangle was actually a magic
carpet, so she hopped on this
red magic carpet. It's got
little fringe on the front and
the back and she starts to soar
through the sky, over the the
castle, you can see clouds and
it looks like it's turning to
dusk. Now the sun is setting,
turning into night time, and
she's she's following the
magical.
Word is they kind of soar
through this this world that she
still doesn't really know what
it is.
The night time is beginning to
fall. The stars are coming out.
There's I'm not sure if she's in
the same area now. There's what
looks like more of like a
Moroccan style castle on the
left side of the page, and the
night is starry and it's
glimmering and there's some
shallow mountains in the
background and she just kind of
soaring through the air with a
lone palm tree following this
magical bird into the night.
So they land on the sand, and
this right beside that lone palm
tree. And as she gets closer,
she realizes there's a small
purple door at the base of it.
And the bird kind of stands
proudly at it, almost, um
encouraging her to approach.
This little girl gets up to the
the door, the bird kind of takes
flight and the bird flies in and
the little girl crawls and
afterwards, and it's a small
door, like a Coraline door that
she goes through.
And as they crawl out, she
crawls out of what is the side
of one of those blue mailbox
bins that you see on city
streets. So it's that shape. And
she crawls out and the bird
flies right towards the little
boy that we had talked about in
the beginning. And we realized
that he is holding a purple
writing utensil. And as we crawl
out, the little girl and the
little boy kind of.
meet. And he helped her up, and
we realized that the little boy
must have sent this bird to the
little girl. And so she begins
to draw a circle, and he draws a
circle.
And those two circles are used
to create a double bicycle that
they then ride on together while
the magical bird follows them.
And they're on the the regular
city streets that we began on in
the beginning. #END_journey
Alright, so that was that item
and now let's take the 10 minute
break.
We can come back at 10:10, OK. I
mean not.
It's so cute.
We're going to the next item,
OK.
I can switch the screen again.
This is a wordless picture book
which tells a story. So.
Describe it in detail, yeah.
Start whenever you're ready.
#START_flowerman OK, so this
story is set in kind of a spooky
setting.
The setting of the story, like
the the backdrop, is all black
and white.
With the.
We see a small village of shops.
We see a bait shop, a bar, a gas
station, and then we see
probably some apartment
buildings, a little Ferris
wheel.
There's a big at the front,
there's a a big ditch, and it
almost looks like a lake that's
been drained. And then there's a
small bridge on the left with
four lampposts and the dead
tree. And on that bridge we see
a man, and this man is in color.
And I think it's a man. We'll
find out. But they are, they are
wearing, we'll call it, they're
wearing a green coat and a hat
and they have a glow about them.
And the other part of the story
that's in color is the sky. And
so the sky is a deep purple with
kind of pinkish clouds. And so
we see this man or woman going
over the bridge and heading
towards this town.
So as this person approaches the
town, they're now walking the
streets and we're getting kind
of a better view for the town.
The streets are made of stone,
the sidewalks are of more of
like a slatestone, and they're
walking down the street we see
in hand. They have a bag of
something and an umbrella, it
looks like, and we're starting
to get kind of more pictures of
some of the townspeople. So we
see.
Two men on the left, one in a
ribbed white tank top, the other
in a striped shirts. We see some
people in a cafe and through the
windows we see a man driving a
car.
A person on a motorcycle and a
person on the balcony, and so we
aren't really quite sure where
the story is heading yet, but we
do know that this person, who
remains in color while the rest
of the town remains in black and
white, is entering the town.
So the person.
first approaches a
building, and it's a little more
rundown than the other
buildings. It's also not as
tall.
Umm, it looks more so the the
other buildings are more
apartment style, multiple
stories, narrow, several windows
where this building is small and
more house like and the yard is
unkempt and there's a small
picket fence around it and they
are approaching this house. We
see the other villagers kind of
going about their lives, some
people up in some windows,
people having a chat around a
fountain.
And that's kind of where we're
at. He's standing at the person
is standing on the corner
underneath some lamp light
outside of this, this small home
in the center of this busy town.
So it is now daytime.
The sky is, uh, a bright blue.
There's some white puffy clouds,
and we see now that not only is
that person who we discovered
now is a man.
Not only is he in color, but the
whole home that he approached is
also in color. So the roof of
this home is purple. It's got
some.
Big windows up in the attic
space that have gold crossbars
and almost like a stained
quality that's blue. The door is
a tannish color.
The the shutters are blue.
There's a red lawn mower in the
yard.
Um, some cobblestones and some
green grass, and the villagers
are all kind of going by. A
little girl that's peering over
looking at this man's home, and
there is a large, almost like a
cherry blossom tree that has a
red glow to it in the yard.
Until we aren't quite sure
what's going to happen yet, but
it does seem like the villagers
are potentially interested in
this man and his colorful place.
The rest of the village remains
in black and white.
The color now is even more
vibrant than it was on the
previous page.
It appears that he was maybe
fixing it up and getting it even
even better than it was. And we
see now that the little girl
that had been interested in
peering over his fence is also
in color now.
She's walking down the street
away from his home and she's
holding something.
I'm not entirely sure what it is
and the man remains at his home
and he's either planting some
daisies or just.
Trimming them up.
And he's waving to the little
girl.
And the rest of the townspeople
remain.
Going about their lives in black
and white. And so we now have
two characters who are in color,
and this man's home is bright,
and it doesn't look nearly as
shabby as it originally did. So
it's it's getting a lot
brighter, and it's neater and
it's cleaner and it's.
Kind of looking fantastic and I
would like to live there.
So now we start to see on the
next page that the color is
beginning to spread. We see the
original little girl hugging
some other man and he is also in
color.
A quarter of the apartment
buildings we're finding now has
red brick, and up in that red
brick there's a man, and he's in
color, and that building has
purple and white awnings. And to
the right of that there's a man
coming out of another building,
and he has orange walls on the
inside.
And more and more people are
interacting with this old man
who was originally in color. And
so it seems that as people
interact and kind of talk and
work and meet with this man and
maybe interact with each other
more, the color begins to
spread. So we see all sorts of
beautiful colors going on here.
We start to notice that the
roots on a lot of these houses
are multiple colors, four or
five different colors slates and
kind of creating a mosaic
pattern on the roof.
Um.
But I would say maybe 25% of the
town is in color and the rest
remains in black and white. And
so there's still a lot of color
to be had. But the old man who
was originally in color remains
to be talking to the
townspeople, and the townspeople
are talking to one another, so.
It's.
So now the whole town is in
color, it is bright and
brilliant and it looks very
happy. And so originally the
town looked very glum and sad
and like I said it was spooky
looking. And now this town looks
like something out of the movie
Bruno.
but
it's, you know, it's it's
bright, it's brilliant. People
are hanging from their windows,
there's color everywhere,
there's people in the streets
talking and hanging out. It just
looks like a fun place to be.
The old man is grilling up in
his front yard, and there's an
old lady and a small child
there. And then we see other
people mingling.
Umm.
And it just looks like a really
happy place to be. Everyone
seems to be enjoying themselves
a lot more than they were, they
seem to be interacting a lot
more than they were, and the
color is nice and bright
everywhere.
So the day is starting to wind
down. It's getting closer to
evening time now. The sky has
gone from a powder blue to more
of like the cotton candy you get
at sunset. There's a a larger
gentleman on the roof and just a
bath towel doing something. But
again, the town. The town
remains happy and it looks like
it's a fun place to be. But I'm
seeing this, and I.
See that the old man has kind of
shut his house. The door is
closed.
And he has packed up and he has
his traveling clothes back on
that he originally entered the
town and and it looks like he is
leaving.
So he's exiting stage left right
now.
So we don't really know why, but
the town is still a happy and
bright place. But it does appear
that the old man is retiring
from the town.
So we begin to follow him as he
leaves. He's kind of going the
same way he left, and we see
that the whole town, not just
the part that we had been
looking at.
is also in color. So we start to
notice that what was just a
single person on the balcony is
now a family. The man on the
motorcycle before is stopped in
the street talking to people.
And so we see that this color
has spread everywhere and it's
impacted everybody up the town
and they're all kind of
interacting more. But we still
see this old man leaving the
same way he came.
And he's now in a different part
of town. And this area of town,
I'm not sure if it's the same
town. It appears to be so, given
that the cobblestones of the
street remain the same and the
sidewalks also remain the same.
But this part of the town is.
In black and white as the first
one started, and the sky is that
same purplish dark color.
And again, the, the townspeople
look sad. They look kind of
sulkin. There's a man sitting by
a fountain, looks like he's he's
drinking alone. There's a family
upstairs, I mean in a window
smoking a pipe. And we see a for
sale sign in the front of APT
19, and there's a dog that is
also in color standing in front
of it. And so we see this man
holding what looks like maybe a
key or a slip of paper that has
an address.
On it. And he's standing under
the lamplight kind of outside of
this apartment. And it might be
apt 17, I can't tell. But it's
apartment 19 or 17, and
everything is in black and
white. And this color, full man
is kind of approaching it,
standing outside of it in a glum
black and white town.
So he appears to have gone past
the apartment, but he did stop
by where the little girl and her
family was and it appears that
he gave her a flower, and I
assume maybe this flower is
something he brought with him
from his previous home.
But he gave this little girl a
flower and she is now in color,
as is the gentleman in the
window. He is also now in color
and they look much happier. But
it appears that the man is not
staying and he is continuing to
walk away. But we do have two
townspeople now who are holding
colorful flowers and are also in
color, and they look a lot
happier than they did in the
previous image. #END_flowerman
All right.
OK. So that was the story and
then?
Yes, we can move on to the next
item, which is also a story.
Oh, never mind. It's a complex
season.
#START_birthday_party_fun OK, so
we've got a big.
Scene and this one is titled Big
Birthday Fun and there's a big
purple almost post it note shape
on the bottom right hand corner
that explains what this scene is
about. It looks like it's in
somebody's backyard and it's
kind of a large birthday party
that's costume themed.
So in the upper right hand
corner we have an inflatable
bouncy house that is yellow.
It's shaped like a castle. It's
got red rooftop and a red ramp
to get on. And then the bouncy
part is blue and purple and
there are all sorts of people on
it in various costumes. There's,
you know, someone dressed as a
rabbit that's pink. a bat.
Maybe a devil, a milkmaid, a
fairy, a frog, and they're all
just jumping on it, having fun.
We see on the right hand side
that there are some people kind
of chasing each other. There's a
person who's dressed as like a
crocodile Dundee type character
and they're chasing a person
dressed as a lion.
Along the perimeter of the page
and the the top and it's the top
left and the top right we see a
fence with large trees. And from
these trees and fence there's
those triangular party banners
that are multi colored hanging
and there's also some paper
lanterns. On the top left tree
there's a pinata and we see a
child who's blindfolded hitting
that pinata while it looks like
his parent or some adult spins
him around.
Umm.
In if you go to the right from
there, we see more people. We
see some people dressed as
pirates, one dressed as the
monopoly man, a person dressed
as a dog, and then we see a man
in the center carrying a large
birthday cake with pink
frosting, and he's approaching a
large food table. So just below
the pinata there's a.
What looks like kind of two long
tables put together with the
white tablecloth on top. And
there's food there, so there's
some sandwiches, chips, cake,
cupcakes, some tall pink thing,
salad, and then plates. And
there's a bunch of people at
this table, including a
Princess, a chef, a pig.
And if we move kind of down and
left from there, there's some
people playing tug of war. So it
looks like we've got some
superheroes on one end with a
pirate and a witch against.
A Viking, a Native American, and
like a.
I can't think of what the people
who rode the chariots are like a
Roman?
I was like the chariot riders,
they're playing tug of war and
then to the bottom left of that
there's a table presents on it
again, it has the same white
tablecloth that's the the food
table has. And there's a stack
of presents and different sizes.
There's one that's round.
And we see from below that
there's a gate and there are
people entering the party with
more presence. And if we move to
the right from there, there's an
inflatable pool that is pink and
yellow and.
We see someone using the hose
from that pool and squirting
themselves in the face, and that
someone who's dressed as a
firefighter.
There are.
Like five or six people in the
pool. One of them is a mermaid
and a child in some orange swim
trunks is dumping water on their
head while another child is
squirting someone with a squirt
gun.
And then we just see from the
right of that just some people.
just kind of chasing each other
and then there is a little bit
of a quelm in the bottom right,
there's a child who's dressed as
a lamb, and it looks like we
have a shepherd and little Bo
peep who are arguing over who
owns this lamb because they are
both.
People.
Um, but basically that's the
page. It's a little chaotic.
There's all sorts of.
Costumes and looks like a fun
party. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK, good.
OK.
#START_campsite OK, so here
we've got another page. This
overall page is set up kind of
like a campground. It looks like
it's divided.
By a river kind of diagonally
down the center, going from left
to right and the upper left hand
corner.
There is a postcard type.
Instruction that is on the page
and then the stamp is of Waldo's
face.
So at the very top of the page,
we just kind of see some rolling
fields like what you'd see when
driving on the highway through
Indiana.
That's all they have there.
There's a little road and
there's some people running on
it and riding bicycles and
there's one of those old school
bicycles with a large front
wheel and a small back wheel and
it looks like that might be what
Waldo is riding. I'm not 100%
sure, but it kind of looks like
him. I could be wrong. And then
we get a a set area for RV
campers. So there's.
9 campers.
Of different sizes and
varieties. So some of them are
more of like the teardrop style.
Some of them are like pop-ups,
some of them are just, you know,
your typical square. One of them
has an awning, one of them looks
like it might have had a fire
inside of it. There's smoke
billowing out of it and there
are two people hanging from the
sides. That or it's this man on
a grill outside and the smoke of
his grill is getting inside of
the RV, but it's a little hard
to tell.
Umm.
And then we just kind of see
people mingling around in the RV
area.
Talking, hanging out, having
fun. There are a few dogs.
People running around and then
again there's like a bike path
that kind of zigzags around the
RV area and also along that
river that runs left to right
diagonally through the page. And
there are more people walking
around there. There is like a
troop of some Boy Scouts in
yellow uniforms on the right
side of the page.
There are people fishing in this
river.
A couple of mermaids in the
river, a couple hunks on a ship
or a boat.
And then people just kind of
dangling their toes in. There's
a small bridge that goes across
the river. It's like an arched
bridge.
And there's this small kind of.
boat with a stick that people
are on. Ducks are in the river
and then as we get kind of below
the river.
There's a tent camping area.
So we see.
Several different tents of
different, you know, varieties.
The classic, you know,
triangular tent. There's a
couple square tents. There's a
tent with some hippies in it
that looks like a lot of fun.
It's got, you know, flower power
style. They're outside playing
guitar. I want to spend time at
that tent. There is a.
A Native American style tent.
There's also a person who is
inflating like a life raft.
There's a tent that's collapsed
and there's just people kind of
hanging about.
In and around the tents there's
people getting dressed. To the
right of the tent camping area
there is a walkway.
With some hikers on it.
And then to the left of that,
there's another walkway with
more hikers on it. And then to
the left of that there's like a
green space that has.
Like random bulls.
And it, I don't know why those
are there, but there are symbols
and there are a bunch of people
like army crawling around this
bull area. They're all kind of
like face down on their stomachs
crawling around. So I don't know
what's going on there, but
that's what's happening. And
then on the very far left side
of the page, there's, you can
see kind of the right half of a
small pink.
Brick house, and that's kind of
everything that's going on in
this page. #END_campsite That
was great.
Moving on, what are we gonna get
another scene? Alright.
#START_make_a_splash So this
overall scene is of a water park
and it's called making a splash
and there's a big purple post it
shaped blurb in the upper right
hand corner that specifies that.
There are kind of three or four
main components to this. So in
the upper left hand corner
there's like twisty and turny,
turny, turny body, water slides.
In the lower left corner there's
a lazy river.
And kind of the center to bottom
right, it looks like it's like a
wading pool or a wave pool. And
then on the upper right there's
a rainbow slide and then like a
pirate ship, water slide play
area. So in the upper left, like
I said, there's the the curvy
body slides. There's three of
them, a red one, yellow one and
a green one.
And there are a bunch of people
kind of in line, crowding that
area, going down, then face
first with their knees bent,
going down feet first so all
them kind of splashing out in
the middle.
Bottom left is that lazy river.
There's a lot of people in
yellow rafts. Some of them are
the double rafts, so they're
shaped like eights, and then
some of them are in single
rafts, so they're shaped like
Donuts and they're just kind of
floating around on these drafts.
And the Lazy River actually kind
of goes underneath the.
Body slide area and up towards
the top of the page and it kind
of continues on up there. Right
below the Lazy River area. There
is like a grass area where there
are some people laying out on
beach towels and then there's a
small bridge that goes over the
lazy river to kind of get
towards the center of the.
Page where the that wading pool
is.
So in the wading pool there are
kind of some fun like jungle gym
type items. So there's like a
like a floating snake that you
can crawl on that's green.
There's some little like
floating log pieces that you can
run across and then there's like
some floating.
Mushroom tops.
And and then as we go kind of
towards the top of the page,
there's that pirate ship that
kids are playing on. There's
like a little sea serpent next
to it that is red with blue and
yellow stripes down the front,
and then some orange, yellow and
green spots on its back. And
it's spurting water from its
mouth. And there's a lifeguard
underneath it holding one of
those, like, red lifeguard
noodle things. I don't know what
those are called, lifesavers.
And then there are some people.
going out. So from the side of
the Pirate ship. There's like a
yellow wide slide that's short,
so it's for younger kids it
looks like, but basically
there's a couple kids going down
the slide landing in the pool
area and then we get to the
right which is where those it's
like a.
If you've ever been to like a
State Fair, they have those big
slides that you ride down on
burlap sacks, but this one is
smaller, but there's like 5 or 6
lanes and kind of bumps a lot.
And then there's kids going down
and you can go down and one of
the rainbow colors and it lands
in the main area and that's kind
of this page. #END_make_a_splash
Alright, good. There's some
construction noises, so that's
OK.
My cat is finally sleeping so.
Alright, so the next looks
familiar. It's another part of
this story. So yeah, just
whenever you're ready. All
right, let's see if I can
remember where I was going with
this or I'm just going to make
up a new story.
All right, we're making up a new
story. So. So this story starts
with.
Kind of. It almost is like a
dream like state. So we are
seeing some clouds and the
clouds are getting bigger and
clearer and then the clouds
starts to take the shape of a
face. This face is kind of
round. It's got two beady eyes
on the far sides of the face and
the big black smile with the
tongue. And then as it kind of
comes into focus, it it does, it
looks like a lizard of sorts
with a large curly tail at the
back. And then we kind of get
into focus of what's really
going on.
So there's a man in a bed, and
he's got his covers kind of
pulled up towards him, and
there's this creature on his lap
looking at him, and this
creature kind of turned around
and flutters away, and the man
puts his hand on his head.
And he he kind of follows where
the creature went, and he sees
that the creature is looking out
the window.
So the man decides, you know, I
think I should get up and get
ready. I'm not really sure
what's going on.
#START_arrival_4 So he hops in
the shower and he cleans his
body and then he shaves his face
while this little creature
watches and the setting is in,
you know, looks like it's like
the 1940s or 50s. So he's
putting on, he's got like a
white button down shirt and then
he's putting on a black vest.
He's tying some like nicer shoes
and then he's counting money.
This hand grabbing like a what
are these hats called? It's
going to say like a gangster
hat. Like what? Like Al Capone
war?
A fedora. It's not really a
fedora, but he's grabbing one of
those style hats and then he's
looking at a map. And so he and
this creature are kind of
standing in the street. He's
gazing at this map, and then he
starts to walk and this creature
follows him. And then we kind of
see this city. There's a large
freeway type structure in the
middle, and there appears to be
some smog or smoke coming from
stacks of things. There's a
large building with lots of
windows.
Umm.
And so he continues to look at
the map, he's trying to find out
where he's going and then he
approaches this area that's got
like cone shaped structures.
They look like they're made out
of metal, almost like the tip of
a rocket, and they're all of
different sizes, just kind of
along this walkway with people
standing around them and in the
the background there is a large.
Cement looking bridge with
different sized archways and
there's this flying ship coming
out from underneath.
One of the large openings.
So the little creature that we
kind of originally saw in the
beginning is with another small
creature and this one looks like
an owl type thing. And this man
is standing next to a woman who
we presume this creature belongs
to and she too is looking at
something and so he begins to
talk to her and she helps him.
Kind of find where he's going on
this map and she's kind of
pointing things and then she.
Directs him towards this device.
And this device looks like an
old school telephone that has
like a Rotary dial, and it's got
one of it looks like kind of
like a horn. And so she, she
dialed into it and pulled the
lever and something comes out of
the horn shape and she's holding
it in her hand and she hands it
to the man.
Um, she gives it to him, he's
holding it. And then she pulls
out what looks like a pocket
watch on a chain and is
explained to him maybe the time
a certain thing leaves. And so
we presume then that this man is
going to be riding something.
And then we start to see these
large, again floating ships.
They're pretty pointy at the
front. They have one stack with
smoke coming out, and the ship
is kind of pulling up into the
Bay. And we see the man with his
little creature. He approaches
the ship and we see kind of the
ticket taker who uses the hole
puncher to punch his ticket and
directs him on board. And this
ticket taker is wearing
sunglasses. He's got kind of a
uniform on that's almost
military or like sailor, and he
has a hat.
So the man and his creature get
on this ship of sorts, and
they're sitting on a wooden
bench.
And the woman is on board with
them, and so they're sitting
next to each other and they're
chatting.
And it looks like the man is
beginning to explain the
situation to him or to her. He
looks a little concerned. And
he, he goes into his pocket of
his his coat, and he reaches and
he pulls out a slip of paper.
And we can see on this slip of
paper that there's a picture of
somebody on it and the woman.
Um kind of makes the same
gesture and reaches into her bag
and pulls out a similar looking
paper with a person on it. And
so they both appear to be
looking for someone and they
both appear to be children. The
woman is looking for a young
child with a short haircut, and
we can't quite get the image of
the man's missing person, but
they're on like official forms
that have like stamps and
things.
And then we get into what looks
like maybe a flashback for the
woman. So the the color of the
page changes a little bit and
it's a slightly different color.
So the most of the story is set
in sepia tone, but this is more
in like a black and white. And
so we see this child reading a
book and then all of a sudden
some large hands come and grab
them, shove the book into a
locked drawer and they hand the
child the shovel and then the
child is working, shoveling.
Maybe coal or some sort of
substance into a large metal
barrel and there's flames coming
out of it, and then the child is
climbing to the top of this
thing and sweeping the chimney
of it. And so it looks like very
dangerous work for such a young
person.
And then we kind of see that
this child is not the only child
doing this. It's like a almost
like a a camp filled with these
these smoke stacks and so it's
like a a balloon at the bottom
and then a large stack coming
out of the top.
With a small opening where the
flame and where you throw the
coal and they're divided into
almost like cubicles. And each
one has a a person with a shovel
fueling it. And it goes down for
rows and rows and rows. And we
see this young girl at the top
of her sweeping her chimney and
she's looking out over this
large operation. And this large
operation is set in a even
larger operation. So it's like
in the crevice between two
bigger buildings.
So then we see this child kind
of in what I would assume is
their living quarters and
they're kind of or maybe they're
still in their, their cubicle,
but they're sitting on the
ground on head is in their
hands. And then they start to
kind of think is there a way
that I can get out of here. So
you can see the examining the
situation they're looking
around, they're using their
shovel to pry at the door to
look through and then we see
that they they do escape and
they get back to where they were
at the beginning where the book.
was locked into the cupboard and
we see that the the child gets
into that that drawer and steals
her book and kind of runs off.
The child then finds a railway
and climbs into one of the carts
and is sitting in an empty cart
with their book and the train
starts to kind of go away
towards what looks like a
countryside.
So now we're back in the sepia
tone. So we assume that we're in
the present time and we see that
large ship that that man and the
woman were on and they're
floating over a city. There is a
different language on the
billboards.
Than English. And we see a
billboard of a woman holding
what looks like tea or coffee,
and they're just kind of
pointing and looking out over
everything. And then a man in a
uniform starts shouting at them
through one of those like.
Cheer.
Cones that like.
Amplifies your voice and it
looks like they're getting close
to landing wherever they were
going. And so the ship docks and
the man and the woman are
parting ways and they get off.
And so the man just kind of
stops to think, and then he's at
the top of the stairwell
overlooking this large.
I don't even know how to
describe it. It's like a.
It's like a town, but it's
almost like a complex of like
like a park, but it's made out
of concrete. And there's a large
statue of a a creature in the
center holding a basket filled
with items. And then there it
looks like there's some other
items at the bottom that look
like milk and eggs in the bowl.
So he's at the top of the
stairs. There's like a little
city on the right hand side, and
then there's this kind of cement
park.
On the left that he's looking
over.
So he starts to walk.
He walks.
Through the the city, he's kind
of seeing everything that's
going on. There are different
salesman. One man is selling
what looks like kind of octopus.
Looks like there's a person kind
of selling some trinkets,
selling some fish.
Um, there's just people kind of
going all around and this man is
looking at a booklet of.
I don't know if it like
describes rations for things, or
if it's maybe he doesn't speak
the language and so he's trying
to look up translations to
better communicate with the
people he's interacting with,
but then his little creature's
kind of looking at this wall
where there's a bunch of things
on and he's pointing.
And so the man opens this
drawer. There's some little like
maraca shaped items in there and
he continues to look at his
book. And then he goes back into
that drawer and picks one up and
he takes it over to a boy.
And and a boy and a man kind of
stand there holding it.
And then they go to give it back
to the man, and the man's like
no. And then he opens his book
and points to a loaf of bread,
and it looks like he's trying to
communicate with these people,
and he shows them the money in
his hand.
The man that he's interacting
with points to a wall and opens
up a little compartment and
pulls out some other kind of
item.
And then
The original man kind of puts it
up to his face.
Not really sure what's going on.
And then the little boy kind of
comes up with a Wicker basket
and the item that the man had
taken from the wall is now in
the Wicker basket and our
original man in the coat is
holding the basket with item
while he talks to this other
gentleman.
So the salesman, the gentleman
is holding up additional items.
It looks like the tail of
something. Little boy shows
something else.
Looks like some sort of creature
or device. The man puts
something in his mouth a little
boy comes with like a giant
artichoke.
The man is holding like some
sort of, you know, mollusk or
clan, with little tentacles
coming out of it. The man is
then holding like a snake
creature, and they're just kind
of showing him all these
different items. And the man
then takes a bite of the first
item he was given, and the
little boy feeds his little pet
with something else. And then we
see that this man has a basket
full of all sorts of goods.
And we can assume then, that
these are food items in this
culture. They're just different
than what the man was looking
for on his his roster because
he's, I'm guessing he's not from
here. So the little boy
whispered something into what I
assume is his father's ear. And
then the man goes up to the the
original man and put his arm
around him.
Um, holding the basket of goods
and then the little boy is
holding the basket of goods and
they point to these boats. And
so they start kind of leading to
this. It's like a.
a pier, but there isn't any
water and the boats are all
tethered, but they're they're
laying on sand and so they're
kind of walking in between all
these these wooden row boats
with baskets of items, the three
of them.
So they approached one of the
boats the little boy is leading.
There's a pot like a Terra cotta
pot.
At the end of the boat filled
with something, and the boy kind
of tells the man to get closer.
And as he gets closer it looks
like a tentacle of something is
poking out. And the man backs
away and drops his things. And
the other man comforts her and
he's like, comforts him. And
he's like, no, come on, come
look at it. And so they get
closer, and the little boys then
holding this creature, and it
looks like the mixture of like a
fox and an owl and like.
Some sort of lizard combined.
The tail is very lizard like and
so he's holding it and they're
just kind of interacting looking
at it and then the animal's set
down and the fox like animal is
interacting with the man's pet
that is lizard like and white
and they're just kind of playing
together and the man goes to
pick up items that he dropped.
And he's talking to the other
man and then it looks like he's
trying to communicate with this
man. So he gets out his book and
he starts to draw and he draws 3
houses and a large tentacle
looking item in the sky and he
shows it to the man. And the man
looks a little perplexed and he
kind of puts his hands on his
chest. And then he looks up to
the sky and as we get closer to
his eye, his eye has the
reflection of flames in it.
#END_arrival_4
So let me see. What a
frightening image. So we see
some what looked like giant men
dressed similarly to how?
You would if you were entering
Chernobyl back in 1986. Like
they're wearing large suits with
helmets and have a small opening
on the helmet to see, and
there's a bright light coming
from their helmets and these
people are huge, so.
If the people we were talking
about were like.
They're like the equivalent to
like ants to these giant men and
then they have these horn shaped
suction things and they're
sucking up all these people with
these devices. We just see like
flames in the background and it
looks like they just kind of
sucking up everyone in the world
into these these kind of vacuum
like devices and it's quite
terrifying.
So now I think we must be in a
flashback of this man.
And he's in what looks like.
Sir large rectangular prism.
Hard to tell if they're made out
of maybe stone items that are
kind of coming together, getting
out like crystals. And there he
and some person, I assume it's
his wife, are standing there
together. And then they're
running and they're holding
hands and they go to hide in a
manhole or a sewer drain. So the
man helps the woman in, they
close it and then they, they
hear the large speed. You can
see the large feet of these men
who are sucking people up kind
of step over their sewer.
Cover, and so they.
They peek their heads out after
it's gone, and they start to
come out and they they look
around.
Barely.
So then they start to kind of
wander around. They're still in
this weird or large geometric
shapes everywhere, and they're
very big. The man has to help
his wife up over a ledge.
She's only got like a foot
clearance above it and they're
standing at a corner's edge and
they can see the large boots of
one of those.
Evil suction then. So they start
to kind of hug each other. They
think it's maybe the end. And
then all of a sudden.
They realize that it's not a
large.
A large section they they come
across a man with the Lantern,
and the man with the Lantern
offers them a ladder and shows
them a map and kind of.
Makes them somewhere. As the
large suction man is walking in
the opposite direction, they're
they're going somewhere with
this ladder.
So use this ladder to climb up.
And then they hop down over what
looks like rubble from the
aftermath of the suctioning and
destruction, and they they come
across some water, it looks like
an ocean or a sea, and they're
pointing to a boat. And so they
the the two men.
What happened? No, it's just the
man and the woman. The man and
the woman get on this boat and
they start to paddle off away
from the city where all that
destruction was happening. And
so they're like kind of in the
safety of this rowboat on the
waterway and you just see the
the city in the background.
So it looks like they came to a
new city, and the city is like
owl themed, so there's.
There's large owl shaped
structures everywhere.
It looks very much like a
coastal town, almost like what
you would see in Greece, like in
Santorini. You know, the houses
that are kind of stacked on one
another going up the cliffside
and there's a ramp that the
boats can go up and then there's
boats lined along it. And so
they they get to this place,
they they dock and we are in the
present time now, so it's.
The two men and the boy.
And so they are.
Going up the stairs and they
come to this woman and we assume
now that this woman is the man's
wife who is in the the flashback
that we had just experienced. So
it's a very merry welcome. They
pour drinks, they are preparing
a meal together.
And it looks like it it's kind
of going to be a good night.
So they're all sitting around a
table.
Having a nice meal that the two
little creatures are on the
ground and the little boy is
feeding them table scraps and
looks like the man is telling a
story and the woman and the
original man that we met in the
beginning are laughing and then
he's starting to play.
Well, looks like a concertina or
an accordion with large horns
that comes out of it. And then
the woman is playing some sort
of flute and then the man or the
little boys like playing like a
mandolin kind of.
Banjo combination. And then they
start folding origami shapes so
the man shows the little boy.
And folds him a replica of what
his creature looks like, so it's
kind of like his fox like owl
thing. And then the man goes and
reaches, reaches into a cupboard
and he and his wife presents
this Terra cotta bowl.
OK. We'll wrap up here today.
Thank you for your help. A lot
of talking, yeah.